android/support/interpolator/R.java
 android.support.interpolator.R
android/support/print/R.java
 android.support.print.R
android/support/customview/R.java
 android.support.customview.R
 android.support.customview.R$attr
 android.support.customview.R$color
 android.support.customview.R$dimen
 android.support.customview.R$drawable
 android.support.customview.R$id
 android.support.customview.R$integer
 android.support.customview.R$layout
 android.support.customview.R$string
 android.support.customview.R$style
 android.support.customview.R$styleable
android/arch/core/R.java
 android.arch.core.R
android/support/v7/viewpager/R.java
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$attr
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$color
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$dimen
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$drawable
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$integer
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$layout
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$string
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$style
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable
android/support/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
com/example/test/SelectionInstrument.java
 com.example.test.SelectionInstrument
 com.example.test.SelectionInstrument$1
android/support/documentfile/R.java
 android.support.documentfile.R
android/arch/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 android.arch.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
android/support/v7/cardview/R.java
 android.support.v7.cardview.R
 android.support.v7.cardview.R$attr
 android.support.v7.cardview.R$color
 android.support.v7.cardview.R$dimen
 android.support.v7.cardview.R$style
 android.support.v7.cardview.R$styleable
com/example/test/R.java
 com.example.test.R
 com.example.test.R$anim
 com.example.test.R$animator
 com.example.test.R$attr
 com.example.test.R$bool
 com.example.test.R$color
 com.example.test.R$dimen
 com.example.test.R$drawable
 com.example.test.R$id
 com.example.test.R$integer
 com.example.test.R$interpolator
 com.example.test.R$layout
 com.example.test.R$menu
 com.example.test.R$mipmap
 com.example.test.R$string
 com.example.test.R$style
 com.example.test.R$styleable
android/support/cursoradapter/R.java
 android.support.cursoradapter.R
com/example/test/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.test.BuildConfig
android/support/drawerlayout/R.java
 android.support.drawerlayout.R
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$attr
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$color
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$id
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$integer
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$layout
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$string
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$style
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable
android/support/v7/recyclerview/R.java
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$attr
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$color
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$dimen
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$drawable
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$id
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$integer
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$layout
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$string
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$style
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$styleable
android/support/coreui/R.java
 android.support.coreui.R
 android.support.coreui.R$attr
 android.support.coreui.R$color
 android.support.coreui.R$dimen
 android.support.coreui.R$drawable
 android.support.coreui.R$id
 android.support.coreui.R$integer
 android.support.coreui.R$layout
 android.support.coreui.R$string
 android.support.coreui.R$style
 android.support.coreui.R$styleable
android/support/compat/R.java
 android.support.compat.R
 android.support.compat.R$attr
 android.support.compat.R$color
 android.support.compat.R$dimen
 android.support.compat.R$drawable
 android.support.compat.R$id
 android.support.compat.R$integer
 android.support.compat.R$layout
 android.support.compat.R$string
 android.support.compat.R$style
 android.support.compat.R$styleable
android/support/fragment/R.java
 android.support.fragment.R
 android.support.fragment.R$attr
 android.support.fragment.R$color
 android.support.fragment.R$dimen
 android.support.fragment.R$drawable
 android.support.fragment.R$id
 android.support.fragment.R$integer
 android.support.fragment.R$layout
 android.support.fragment.R$string
 android.support.fragment.R$style
 android.support.fragment.R$styleable
android/support/constraint/R.java
 android.support.constraint.R
 android.support.constraint.R$anim
 android.support.constraint.R$attr
 android.support.constraint.R$bool
 android.support.constraint.R$color
 android.support.constraint.R$dimen
 android.support.constraint.R$drawable
 android.support.constraint.R$id
 android.support.constraint.R$integer
 android.support.constraint.R$layout
 android.support.constraint.R$string
 android.support.constraint.R$style
 android.support.constraint.R$styleable
android/support/design/R.java
 android.support.design.R
 android.support.design.R$anim
 android.support.design.R$animator
 android.support.design.R$attr
 android.support.design.R$bool
 android.support.design.R$color
 android.support.design.R$dimen
 android.support.design.R$drawable
 android.support.design.R$id
 android.support.design.R$integer
 android.support.design.R$interpolator
 android.support.design.R$layout
 android.support.design.R$string
 android.support.design.R$style
 android.support.design.R$styleable
android/support/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
android/support/coreutils/R.java
 android.support.coreutils.R
 android.support.coreutils.R$attr
 android.support.coreutils.R$color
 android.support.coreutils.R$dimen
 android.support.coreutils.R$drawable
 android.support.coreutils.R$id
 android.support.coreutils.R$integer
 android.support.coreutils.R$layout
 android.support.coreutils.R$string
 android.support.coreutils.R$style
 android.support.coreutils.R$styleable
android/support/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
android/arch/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 android.arch.lifecycle.livedata.R
android/arch/lifecycle/R.java
 android.arch.lifecycle.R
android/support/v7/appcompat/R.java
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable
android/support/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 android.support.localbroadcastmanager.R
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
android/support/graphics/drawable/R.java
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$color
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$drawable
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$integer
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$layout
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$string
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$style
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable
android/support/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
android/support/transition/R.java
 android.support.transition.R
 android.support.transition.R$attr
 android.support.transition.R$color
 android.support.transition.R$dimen
 android.support.transition.R$drawable
 android.support.transition.R$id
 android.support.transition.R$integer
 android.support.transition.R$layout
 android.support.transition.R$string
 android.support.transition.R$style
 android.support.transition.R$styleable
android/arch/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 android.arch.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
android/support/loader/R.java
 android.support.loader.R
 android.support.loader.R$attr
 android.support.loader.R$color
 android.support.loader.R$dimen
 android.support.loader.R$drawable
 android.support.loader.R$id
 android.support.loader.R$integer
 android.support.loader.R$layout
 android.support.loader.R$string
 android.support.loader.R$style
 android.support.loader.R$styleable
org/billthefarmer/mididriver/R.java
 org.billthefarmer.mididriver.R
com/example/test/Config.java
 com.example.test.Config
 com.example.test.Config$1
com/example/test/MainActivity.java
 com.example.test.MainActivity
